[DOC-1192] Voyager docs for 2026.2.2 (#30352)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/stable/yugabyte-voyager/known-issues/postgresql.md

**GitHub**: [Issue 1731](https://github.com/yugabyte/yb-voyager/issues/1731)

**Description**: For live migration, the migration skips data from source databases that have the following data types on any column: `POINT`, `LINE`, `LSEG`, `BOX`, `PATH`, `POLYGON`, `CIRCLE`, `VECTOR`, or `TIMETZ`.
.

For live migration with fall-forward/fall-back, the migration skips data from source databases that have the following data types on any column:

- Always skipped (both connectors): `POINT`, `LINE`, `LSEG`, `BOX`, `PATH`, `POLYGON`, `TSQUERY`, `CIRCLE`, `VECTOR`, or `TIMETZ`.

> - Supported with [YugabyteDB Connector](../../../additional-features/change-data-capture/using-logical-replication/yugabytedb-connector/)(default), skipped with [YugabyteDB gRPC Connector](../../../additional-features/change-data-capture/using-yugabytedb-grpc-replication/debezium-connector-yugabytedb/): `HSTORE`, `TSVECTOR`, `CITEXT`, `LTREE`, or `ARRAY OF ENUMS`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Skipped by [YugabyteDB gRPC Connector](../../../additional-features/change-data-capture/using-yugabytedb-grpc-replication/debezium-connector-yugabytedb/): `HSTORE`, `TSVECTOR`, `CITEXT`, `LTREE`, or `ARRAY OF ENUMS`. (These are supported by the [YugabyteDB Connector](../../../additional-features/change-data-capture/using-logical-replication/yugabytedb-connector/) (default).)
```
